Add process for making funding requests (#174)
servo/project: FUNDING_REQUEST.md

1. Shared resources
2. Reimbursement for time/resources

When deciding whether to approve a given request, the Servo TSC weighs the proposed benefit to the project against the projected cost and long term maintenance/risk considerations.

## Funding requests for shared resources

This category covers funding for any equipment/service/process that could be used by multiple contributors to the Servo project.
Examples of appropriate funding requests include:

* adding new self-hosted CI runners
* cloud computing resources for running fuzzers
* subscription to a multi-seat SaaS product

## Funding requests for reimbursement

This category covers funding that goes directly to a project contributor.
Examples of appropriate funding requests include:

* travelling to give a conference talk
* purchasing development hardware
* grant for implementing a specific feature
* paid work on recurring project activities

# Funding logistics

All approved funding requests will be paid through [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/servo), which provides an [FAQ](https://docs.opencollective.com/oceurope/how-it-works/expenses/expenses-and-getting-paid-faqs).

> To receive the funds, you will need to have a PayPal account or the ability to receive a bank transfer.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
To receive the funds, you or the service provider will need to have a PayPal account or the ability to receive a bank transfer.
```

> To receive the funds, you will need to have a PayPal account or the ability to receive a bank transfer.

Reviewer: Another option could be:
```suggestion
To receive the funds, the person or organization receiving the money will need to have a PayPal account or the ability to receive a bank transfer.
```

# Requesting funding for Servo-related activities

All use of Servo project funds must be approved by the [Servo TSC](governance/tsc/README.md).
To make a funding request, create a new Zulip topic in the [#tsc channel](https://servo.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/500774-tsc/)

> that contains whatever context is necessary to evaluate the request.

Reviewer: Should we request to create an issue on this repository (maybe we could have a special label for that issue) so we can keep a record of all the requests and if they were approved or not?

Starting a thread on #tsc seems good to, but also a GitHub issue with all the details.

Maybe we should even open an issue for the ongoing things, so we keep track there about the status and also modify it as needed (or close it) when the time comes.

Author: That sounds helpful!

Author: This is great!

Reviewer: I guess we can merge this then.
